[Music]
14 rules that make a princess's life
less than easy every girl dreams of
being a princess from the moment she
first sees a Disney movie or even
earlier however the life of real
princesses is not as easy as it may seem
here is a list of things that princesses
unlike ordinary girls are forbidden to
do as an example we have taken Kate
Middleton Duchess of Cambridge 14 sign
autographs kate is allowed to be
photographed with her fans and shake
their hands but she must not sign
autographs according to the Royal rules
she can put her signature only on
official documents the reason for this
rule is Queen Elizabeth's fear that
someone might Forge the signatures and
use them against her family however Kate
may write her name in visitors books as
she did during her trip to the stuff
concentration camp when she was paying
an official visit to Germany and Poland
13 work in an office before her marriage
Kate had been working for her parents
business for some time the firm dealt
with delivering goods and organising
events it was her mom's idea to organize
a company which was located in a garden
shed in 1987 nowadays it's a
multi-million dollar business now Kate's
work is visiting charity dinners schools
and hospital openings it is believed
that the Duchess doesn't like such
events much and tries to avoid them for
this reason she was perhaps rather
unkindly given the nickname lazy Kate as
some say she is the one who skips such
meetings the most among all the Royals
12 eat mussels or oysters
it's unknown how upset Kate was when she
was asked to refuse oysters the ban is
connected to the fact that oysters can
cause allergies and become poisonous
when stored incorrectly
hence the Duchess and other members of
the royal family are forbidden to risk
their health from time to time one or
two representatives of the royal family
are spotted eating crabs or oysters do
they break the rules well they seem to
but in fact these rules date back to the
times when people knew nothing about
food poisoning and allergy is caused by
seafood and the ways to cure them that
was the reason behind the fan on
shellfish at Royal dinners 11:00 wear a
bright manicure women in the royal
family are allowed to cover their nails
with nail polish but according to the
dress code the Duchess of Cambridge can
only use nude coloured shades Kate's
manicure usually consists of two shades
a tender pink number 28 rose lounge by
bourgeois and a sophisticated nude
number 423 a lure
by Essie 10 have a profile on social
media
there is a strict ban on using social
media in the royal family this rule
applies because personal information can
become public there are official pages
to the royal family on Twitter and
Instagram but they are controlled by
professionals who carefully select
photos and prescribe the text for
publications
it's a pity not to have a chance to post
even a small bouquet on Instagram when
you have such a busy life in so many
professional photo sessions 9 kiss in
public it is very obvious that the Duke
and Duchess of Cambridge are besotted
with each other so why don't they hold
hands kiss or hug in public there is no
strict rule against it but queen
elizabeth ii considers it inappropriate
to express feelings in public she almost
never holds hands with her husband and
insists that her grandchildren behave
properly due to this there were rumors
about disturbances between Kate and
William because they always keep a
distance in public how unfair 8 go
shopping alone Kate likes shopping as
much as any other girl however she
cannot do it alone the Duchess is
allowed to visit supermarkets and modern
london boutiques only with protection
officers well it's convenient to some
extent because there is always someone
available to ask if a dress suits you or
not and carrier bags but what about
shopping for underwear can be a bit
embarrassing right 7 wear fur before her
marriage
Kate loved to wear fur you can see many
photos of her wearing fur coats and fur
hats on the internet now the Duchess can
wear fur occasionally but only of
animals that died of natural causes
this rule appeared in 1137 can you
believe how long-lasting these
traditions are when Edward the 3rd
stated that no member of the royal
family as well as the men of the church
were allowed to wear fur
nowadays it isn't followed so strictly
even the Queen can sometimes be spotted
wearing fur the problem is that such
occasions make animal activists
extremely angry and the royal family has
their reputation to care about 6 vote
the Duchess as well as other members of
the royal family is forbidden to vote or
run for Parliament all monarchs
undertake to keep neutrality and not
spoil their reputation through politics
they are seen as impartial and objective
their public role isn't supposed to be
identified with any specific part of
society and this includes minorities and
other social groups what is more if the
royal family starts to vote it may sway
the opinion of the public and it would
be quite unfair and what do you think
will happen if they vote for the
candidate who doesn't win the elections
or if the Royal Family's opinion on the
matter differs it might be a bit not
good 5 we're ambitious dresses Kate once
loved bright and youthful styles now she
must wear modest and elegant outfits her
styles are carefully planned by stylists
to avoid ambitious and controversial
statements whenever she travels she
carefully plans her outfit but one thing
stays unchanged
she must have at least one completely
black dress on her trip the reason is
simple if a member of the royal family
dies the rest of the family has to put
on black outfits wherever in the world
they are sometimes the Duchess can be
spotted wearing smart casual but it is
royal smart casual it means almost no
jewellery dark jeans flat sneakers and a
long-sleeved top for play Monopoly
according to the royal protocol there is
a ban on monopolies because the game is
considered to be vicious and senseless
it was revealed by Prince Andrew Duke of
York in 2008 when he was presented this
board game luckily it seems that Kate
was not too upset by this the main thing
is that she can still play hockey which
she simply adores three travel with the
whole family this unofficial rule
appeared in the last century when it was
very dangerous to fly on planes this ban
helps to protect the royal lineage
should anything happen to the plane the
rule says that two royal heirs mustn't
fly on the same plane
it is often neglected nowadays because
there is much less danger when flying
for example Prince William pretty often
travels with his whole family including
his wife and the children but he is the
second candidate for the throne after
his father Prince Charles as for little
George and Charlotte they are the third
and fourth heirs so theoretically all of
them always have to take different
planes and that is not particularly
practical the final say in this question
belongs to the Queen and she is quite
lacs about this the family of William
and Kate has visited Canada Australia
New Zealand Germany and other countries
with so many responsibilities any time
spent together is precious to sit in the
wrong place it is just like in a fairy
tale sat on my chair who ate from my
plate all members of the royal family
must follow a special order when seated
and occupy only their places if there is
a procession a wedding for example the
order the royal family enters in is of
utter importance the Queen leads the way
followed by Prince Philip then Prince
Charles and Camilla Prince William and
Kate so you've got the idea right also
when the Queen finishes her meal
everyone else should stop
eating as well are you still hungry
unfortunately nobody cares one visit
Beauty Salons no less than three times a
week the Duchess should always look
elegant and have a perfect hairdo that's
why she should visit beauty salons no
less than three times a week of course
all the transformations of Prince
William's wife happen behind closed
doors and are carefully hidden from the
public but how do you like this fact
Kate still prefers to visit the salon
she used to go to before she became the
Duchess which rule would be the hardest
for you to follow share your ideas in
the comments below share this video with
your friends let them see the hardships
of the royal life
[Music]
subscribe to our Channel and stay tuned
to the bright side of life and remember
your likes are very important for us